all right guys the action continues here
the neighborhood here's the changing
colors on the grape leaves as I make my
way over I want to show you
Lisbon lemon tree real quick all right
here it is got mulch down and kind of
got hit a little hard here by some
recent colds cold weather I'm a cold
snap but it's got some flowers here new
leaf development here trying to fill in
the center part but it's getting there
coming along but I want to show you the
size of this lemon over here get back
over here I'll see all right here's a
nice one yellowing up on us you can see
some of the frost damage freeze damage
in there but look at this didn't seem to
hurt this any show you that one nice
size my hands are all dirty man
apologize about that dance we got this
one
look at this holy cow look at that these
are half French sized lemons right here
these two look at this monster
unbelievable that's my hand that is like
a grapefruit this thing is huge
mask let me show you unbelievable
there's the other one right there she's
enormous do that I think it's a monster
so uh yeah sure you got beat up a little
bit by the the cold weather it's not
won't get it back as you can tell it's
happy it likes it here's a flower right
there
so I guys appreciate you watching and
pretty soon I'll be showing you all
these future Lisbon lemons